specs: update many IPLD references to DASL/DRISL references (#496)
bluesky-social/atproto-website: src/app/[locale]/specs/data-model/en.mdx

## Link and CID Formats

The [original IPFS CID specification](https://github.com/multiformats/cid) is very flexible. It supports a wide variety of hash types, a field indicating the "type" of content being linked to, and various string encoding options. These features are valuable to allow evolution over time, but to maximize interoperability among implementations, only a specific "blessed" set of CID types are allowed. These align with the [DASL CID](https://dasl.ing/cid.html) specification.

> The blessed formats for CIDs in atproto are:

Reviewer: I actually disagree on this one. I think we're specific enough before & after. And referring to "CIDs" here abstractly I think is more clear.

If we do get specific, it should be "DASL CIDs" not "DRISL CIDs"

- CIDv1
- multibase: binary serialization within DRISL CBOR `link` fields, and `base32` for string encoding
- multicodec: `dag-cbor` (0x71) for links to DRISL CBOR data objects, and `raw` (0x55) for links to blobs
- multihash: `sha-256` with 256 bits (0x12) is preferred

The use of SHA-256 is a stable requirement in some contexts, such as the repository MST nodes. In other contexts, like referencing media blobs, there will likely be a set of "blessed" hash types which evolve over time. A balance needs to be struck between protocol flexibility on the one hand (to adopt improved hashes and remove weak ones), and ensuring broad and consistent interoperability throughout an ecosystem of protocol implementations.

There are several ways to include a CID hash reference in an atproto object:

> - `link` field type (Lexicon type `cid-link`). In DRISL CBOR encodes as a binary CID (multibase type 0x00) in a bytestring with CBOR tag 42. In JSON, encodes as `$link` object (see above)

Reviewer 2: Do we need to keep the "multibase" work here ? This only makes the spec harder to understand.

```suggestion
- `link` field type (Lexicon type `cid-link`). In DRISL CBOR, CIDs are encoded by prefixing their binary representation with `0x00`. The CBOR tag used to represent CIDs is 42. In JSON, encodes as `$link` objects (see above).
```
